While many different threats,
threat actors and scenarios exist,
they typically follow a similar process.
It's called a cyber attack kill chain.
It's important to understand that process so that
as you seek to find security vulnerabilities,
you have a good understanding of how attackers might use them against you.
I spent a significant portion of my career doing just
this and manage the process of scanning corporate environments,
looking for security issues and working with people to fix them.
It's an important job and I learned so much in
the process about just how many security issues are out there and
how it's a never ending process of finding and
fixing with new curve balls thrown at you every single day,
which keeps it interesting.
So during this lesson,
you'll learn all about the process of how to find security vulnerabilities.
By the end of this lesson,
you'll be able to leverage the miter attack framework to understand the attack methods,
configure and launch scans to find vulnerabilities,
and also explain the steps required to conduct a penetration test.
Let's go over these now.